README.md, before:

## [https://exslym.github.io/React-learning_social-network](https://exslym.github.io/React-learning_social-network)

---

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

### `npm run deploy`

This adds gh-pages branch to your project github repository, deploys built project there, hosts the site via GitHub Pages.

GitHub Pages will automatically detect that a new commit has been added to the gh-pages branch of the GitHub repository. Once it detects that, it will begin serving the files that make up that commit — in this case, the distributable version of the React app — to anyone that visits the homepage URL

Commit message:

Chat updated, HomePage updated, README updated

README.md, after:

## Social Network

### [https://exslym.github.io/React-learning_social-network](https://exslym.github.io/React-learning_social-network)

---

#### Authorization and other functional works.

For test use:  
Login: `free@samuraijs.com`  
Password: `free`
If some functional works incorrectly in test account,  
or if you have some questions, or you want full access, write me
in [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/exlsym/)  
I will give you my own login and password.

[My profile in this project](https://exslym.github.io/My-Social-Network/#/profile/24070)

My Portfolio: [https://01dev.ru](https://01dev.ru)

### Project tech stack:

- React, TypeScript
- Ant Design, Formik, SCSS
- Responsive Design
- React Hooks, Redux Thunk, HOC, Reselect, React Router
- social-network.samuraijs.com API, Axios
- Authorization, Captcha, Pagination, Chat with WebSocket
- Git, GitHub

---

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

### `npm run deploy`

This adds gh-pages branch to your project github repository, deploys built project there, hosts the site via GitHub Pages.

GitHub Pages will automatically detect that a new commit has been added to the gh-pages branch of the GitHub repository. Once it detects that, it will begin serving the files that make up that commit — in this case, the distributable version of the React app — to anyone that visits the homepage URL
